hey guys this is Cicero from Arctic's
entertainment and I'm here to show you a
little bit of what you can expect in the
adventure quest worlds 3d tech demo that
we've got coming out to you either today
or tomorrow hopefully knock on wood
you're some wood and okay so let's go
over a couple of things first this is a
tech demo so you can expect very very
very little from it this is a
proof-of-concept to prove that we can
just we made this technology that
actually works I'll explain a little bit
more about that when we get inside also
this is a member only thing for
adventure quest worlds members legends
we love our members in all of our games
but we had to limit the space and the
number of people that show up and so we
decided to limit it to the people that
support us in our most popular game
adventure quest worlds and as usual we
try and make sure that the members get
as much as possible out of their
reoccurring membership so first off you
can see that you can use your regular
account name and password as you would
on aq worlds and you log in bang
here's your character creation screen
again very limited there's no character
customization you can't look any
different your classes are limited to
warrior and warrior that's all you can
be you can be a female or a male so
that's nice and it's got the same
limitations in aq worlds picking a name
these names don't get saved by the way
so just call yourself whatever you want
as long as it's blight and you know not
horrible I will call myself monkey
nuggets cuz why not
and I'll be a male and hit create and
then I can play so I'm gonna play the
game and here I am and there is opaque
impaired that would be ghost and our
good friend Arctic who is of course artx
you will notice that we all look
different he's got red armor on I've got
silver armor on artx here has gold armor
on we all have different hair colors and
skin colors that's because we do have
color customization already working in
the game
you just can't select it so it's
completely random every time you restart
the game you're going to have a
different color armor on
and your armor on your screen is going
to be different than your armor on your
friend screens because there's really no
way to save that right now oh there's
ghosts using one of his emotes I'm gonna
go ahead and say hi and oops nope hey
man and wave cuz why not
now we've for those of you who know
we've had aq 3d in the past which is a
dead project now and some of this stuff
is slightly recycled but this is a new
engine with new shaders and new lighting
and new character models new animations
new everything because this is built on
a brand new type of technology we've got
okay
here's the really interesting thing
about this tech demo and this is really
interesting is that this is mobile
compatible as well as compatible with
your browser so you can't see this right
now but artx is actually logged on
playing he's afk at the moment but he's
playing from his phone and I could play
from my phone or my tablet or I could
play right here on the web and we'd all
be in the same room talking and doing
the same things and seeing the same
things so let's go around and play a
little bit you can see the the art here
which was originally done by j6 for aq
worlds has been redone by zero all of
the art here has actually been done by
zero and it looks a lot like you'll
Garson if you try and go outside you
can't the door is out of order so you're
trapped in here but you can't run around
with your friends you can't jump
spacebar does nothing this is me hitting
spacebar which you can run around you
can use your emotes
oh there's artic he's using someone else
we've got let's go and see what the
emotes do ah face bomb no I and we have
cry and Shake fist why you ride murasa
froggen we've gone
duh extras just oh and we've got have to
go what that is
oh it's come on come on come on we got
through the wave yay and then we've got
wave and we've got Michael Jackson hmm
Oh a second say hi to you two guys that
go through
it did all right so let's look around a
little bit here here we have the
adventures needed not yet needed bored
you can expect more from that in the
future if you know adventure quest
worlds you know that upstairs here in
you Lars and there's normally a bathroom
where I'm sitting
asking for my rubber duck and a room
where you can change your appearance of
course both of those don't work either
so there's really just one single room
that you can run around in and talk to
your friends mmm
walk backwards and try bed yet and
that's pretty much it there's going to
be I think they're going to be limited
to about 15 people per and you're not
going to be able to pick which instance
you're in unlike a key world's you won't
be able to slash join any particular
room so you're just going to be in this
room with people hopefully you'll be in
there with your friends but if not then
try again I guess try and log in at the
same time and see if you all hit the
same room at the same time but that's it
that that is what you can expect from
our tech demo and none of you will be
able to play it on mobile yet but if we
stress test this thing and the tech demo
goes like we hope and there's not a huge
amount of like crashes doesn't set our
servers on fire then you can expect more
from this in the future right now it's
really just something that we're making
to play with and to let you guys play
with because we think it's pretty cool
and we've never seen anyone really do
that successfully make a RPG an MMO that
you can play on your browser or your
phone and both be in the same game the
same time so thanks for watching and
hope you see me in the tech demo you'll
see monkey nuggets or you know I'll
probably change my name if possible yeah
I'll be Cicero if I'm sorry if not then
I'll be mucking monkey monkey nuggets
and I'll see you guys there